My king!
You're not qualified.
I am enough to deal with you.
It is also good that the old man will take your son to practice his hands first.
Take your blood and give me the sword to clear the Yellow River.
Bring the horse here.
I don't mind your arrogance and ignorance.
Two of your most loyal men will die for you.
How long do you have to be stubborn against the owner of this shop?
I'm afraid the dead man is an elder of the Pantheon.
Yes, a shopkeeper will take you on the road today.
Big brother, this person's true power must be the Great Master.
I'm afraid you're no match.
Who are you?
We retreat first.
Then summon the Civil Protection Department to talk about him.
There's no need to fight him.
Yes, King Linh Vuong.
I won big today.
Pantheon's in the building.
There's no need to get emotional right now.
Don't worry, I know.
We will win this battle.
Be careful, boss.
Today the president of this shop killed the dragon himself.